Starting July 1, 2021 Gmail ads campaigns will become “read only”. This means that after this date, advertisers will not be able to create new Gmail campaigns or make changes to existing Gmail campaigns, including edits to existing Gmail ads.

To continue serving ads on Gmail, we recommend that you create a Discovery campaign. Discovery ads allow you to expand your reach from Gmail to other Google owned surfaces, including YouTube and Discover, reaching 3 billion people globally. Learn more about
 creating and managing Discovery ads

The 7 Top Skills You Need to Be Good at SEO
1. Analysis
The first and most important skill on this list is analysis, a vague concept that applies to a number of individual SEO areas. What you need as an SEO professional is the ability to take data about who, what, when and where, and
understand the “how” and “why” questions that go along with them.
What happened.
Why “what happened” happened.
What we should do about it.

2 Research 
Research is incredibly important to an SEO campaign. 
An SEO expert should be someone who mastered the art of
 researching while still in school and perhaps even enjoyed
 it on some level. Comfort and confidence are needed for 
strong research, and make no mistake about it, keyword research
 is going to take a fair amount of time.

3:Coding basics
While SEO experts don’t have to be web designers, it’s important that they understand the basics of web design and Meta tags. SEO specialists have to be a rare breed of marketing professional with an understanding of how to merge web design and SEO strategy in a way most web designers would not appreciate.


4: 
PEOPLE SKILLS
Having people skills will help an SEO expert in the realm of client communication. Clients ted to get upset because they don’t understand how the SEO process works. This can lead to frustrations and unfair expectations. It’s important that an SEO expert understands how to properly communicate and manage the expectations of their clients so as not to back themselves into an unwinnable situation.

5:
 WRITING
Strong writing skills are a must for anyone managing an SEO campaign. Remember, search engine optimization is a content driven strategy, and SEO writing is an art form that not everyone is good at.
